Updated Language Evolution for chrono descending, plus clean up (#4684)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/evolution.md

* [Type argument inference][]
* [Adding features to a class: mixins][]

[Type argument inference]: /language/type-system#type-argument-inference
[Adding features to a class: mixins]: /language/mixins

### Dart 2.17
_Released 11 May 2022_ 
| [Dart 2.17 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/dart-2-17-b216bfc80c5d)

Dart 2.17 expanded enum functionality with enhanced enums.
Enhanced enums allow enum declarations to define members
including fields, constructors, methods, getters, etc.

Dart 2.17 added support for super-initializer parameters in
constructors.
Super parameters allow you to avoid having to manually pass each
parameter into the super invocation of a non-redirecting constructor.
You can instead use super parameters to forward parameters to a
superclass constructor.

Dart 2.17 removed some restrictions on named arguments.
Named arguments can now be freely interleaved with positional arguments.
As of Dart 2.17, you can write the following code:

```dart
void main() {
  test(skip: true, 'A test description', () {
    // Very long function body here...
  });
}
```

To learn more about Dart 2.17, check out:

* [Enhanced enums][]
* [Super parameters][]

> * [Named parameters][]

Reviewer: I do think naturally embedding them may be better overall, but this new header is good to. We can try this out, thanks!

_Released 3 February 2022_
| [Dart 2.16 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/dart-2-15-7e7a598e508a)

Dart 2.16 added no new features to the Dart language, but fixed one
security vulnerability and made two breaking changes.
It did expand the Dart tools.

### Dart 2.15
_Released 8 December 2021_
| [Dart 2.15 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/dart-2-15-7e7a598e508a)

Dart 2.15 improved support for function pointers, known as _tear-offs._
In particular, constructor tear-offs are now supported.

### Dart 2.14
_Released 8 September 2021_
| [Dart 2.14 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-14-b48b9bb2fb67)

Dart 2.14 added the unsigned shift (or _triple-shift_) operator (`>>>`).
This new operator works like `>>`,
except that it always fills the most significant bits with zeros.

Dart 2.14 removed some restrictions on type arguments.
You can pass type arguments to annotations and use a generic function
type as a type argument.
As of Dart 2.14, you can write the following code:

```dart
@TypeHelper<int>(42, "The meaning")
late List<T Function<T>(T)> idFunctions;
var callback = [<T>(T value) => value];
late S Function<S extends T Function<T>(T)>(S) f;
```

> To learn more about these operators, check out [bitwise and shift operator][].

Reviewer: Sorry I missed this one before I submitted my review, but the text preceding this is not about the operator. Perhaps move this to right after the discussion of the operator.

    // Very long function body here...
  });
}
```

To learn more about these features, check out:

* [Enhanced enums][]
* [Super parameters][]
* [Named parameters][]

[Enhanced enums]: /language/enum#declaring-enhanced-enums
[Super parameters]: /language/constructors#super-parameters
[Named parameters]: /language/functions#named-parameters

### Dart 2.16
_Released 3 February 2022_
| [Dart 2.16 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/dart-2-15-7e7a598e508a)

Dart 2.16 added no new features to the Dart language.
It did expand the Dart tools.

### Dart 2.15
_Released 8 December 2021_
| [Dart 2.15 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/dart-2-15-7e7a598e508a)

Dart 2.15 improved support for function pointers, known as _tear-offs._
In particular, constructor tear-offs are now supported.

### Dart 2.14
_Released 8 September 2021_
| [Dart 2.14 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-14-b48b9bb2fb67)

Dart 2.14 added the unsigned shift (or _triple-shift_) operator (`>>>`).
This new operator works like `>>`,
except that it always fills the most significant bits with zeros.

To learn more about these operators, check out [bitwise and shift operator][].

> [bitwise and shift operator]: /language/operators#bitwise-and-shift-operators

Reviewer: These should have an "s" at the end, since its about multiple operators.

> [bitwise and shift operator]: /language/operators#bitwise-and-shift-operators

Reviewer: These should have an "s" at the end, since its about multiple operators.

In Dart 2.12, **[Dart FFI][]** graduated from beta to the stable channel.

### Dart 2.10
_Released 1 October 2020_
| [Dart 2.10 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-10-350823952bd5)

Dart 2.10 added no new features to the Dart language.
It did add an expanded [`dart` tool][dart-tool] similar to the

> Flutter SDK's [`flutter` tool][].

Reviewer: Tools are part of the SDK and similar to library changes, they are not relevant when evaluating and understanding language versions.

To be consistent with this focused direction, please remove these tool mentions.

> ### Dart 2.8

Reviewer: Thanks for adding it back! You can always check the [SDK changelog](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) or the [archive](https://dart.dev/get-dart/archive) for releases which don't have a release blog.

_Released 6 May 2020_
| [Dart 2.8 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-8-7750918db0a)

Dart 2.8 didn't add any features to the Dart language, but it did
contain a number of preparatory [breaking changes][2.8 breaking changes]

> to ensure great nullability-related usability and performance in the

Author: **comment:** Fixed.

upcoming [null safety][] feature.

> It also contained a faster pub tool, and a new [pub outdated][] command.

Reviewer: See [my comments on another issue](https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www/pull/4684#discussion_r1150007415). This page isn't for general release notes and we shouldn't pretend it is in just some situations.

If we want release notes outside the changelog, that likely should be separat.e

enables unpacking the elements from one list into another.
In the following example, the list returned by `buildMainElements()`
is unpacked into the list being passed to the `children` argument:

```dart
Widget build(BuildContext context) {
  return Column(children: [
    Header(),
    ...buildMainElements(),
    Footer(),
  ]);
}
```

The **[collection if][]** operator enables adding elements that meet
conditions.
The following example adds a `FlatButton` element unless this element
falls on the last page:

```dart
Widget build(BuildContext context) {
  return Column(children: [
    Text(mainText),
    if (page != pages.last)
      FlatButton(child: Text('Next')),
  ]);
}
```

The **[collection for][]** operator enables building repeated elements.
The following example adds one `HeadingAction` element for each section
in `sections`:

```dart
Widget build(BuildContext context) {
  return Column(children: [
    Text(mainText),
    for (var section in sections)
      HeadingAction(section.heading),
  ]);
}
```

### Dart 2.2
_Released 26 February 2019_
| [Dart 2.2 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-2-faster-native-code-support-for-set-literals-7e2ab19cc86d)

> Dart supports literal lists and maps, but Dart 2.2 added support for
> **[set literals][]**:

Reviewer: I think losing the "always supported" makes this a bit more confusing, since Dart 2.2 has already been out for a long time. If this was a release note, this would make more sense. Perhaps just focus on what was added?

```suggestion
Dart 2.2 added support for **[set literals][]**:
```

```dart
const Set<String> currencies = {'EUR', 'USD', 'JPY'};
```

### Dart 2.1
_Released 15 November 2018_
| [Dart 2.1 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-1-improved-performance-usability-9f55fca6f31a)

> Dart 2.1 added support for **int-to-double conversion**, allowing developers to
> set `double` values using integer literals. This feature removed the annoyance
> of being forced to use a `double` literal (for example, `4.0`)
> when the value was conceptually an integer.

Reviewer: This text was missing some semantic breaks:

```suggestion
Dart 2.1 added support for **int-to-double conversion**, allowing
developers to set `double` values using integer literals. 
This feature removed the annoyance of 
being forced to use a `double` literal (for example, `4.0`)
when the value was conceptually an integer.
```

In the following Flutter code, `horizontal` and `vertical` have type `double`:

```dart
padding: const EdgeInsets.symmetric(
  horizontal: 4,
  vertical: 8,
)
```

### Dart 2.0
_Released 22 February 2018_
| [Dart 2.0 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-80ba01f43b6)

> Dart 2.0 implemented a new **[sound type system][]**. Before Dart 2.0,
> types weren't fully sound, and Dart relied heavily on runtime type
> checking. Dart 1.x code had to be [migrated to Dart 2][].

Reviewer: Cleaning up the semantic breaks here:

```suggestion
Dart 2.0 implemented a new **[sound type system][]**. 
Before Dart 2.0, types weren't fully sound, and 
Dart relied heavily on runtime type checking. 
Dart 1.x code had to be [migrated to Dart 2][].
```

### Dart 2.8
_Released 6 May 2020_
| [Dart 2.8 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-8-7750918db0a)

Dart 2.8 didn't add any features to the Dart language. It did
contain a number of preparatory [breaking changes][2.8 breaking changes]
to improve nullability-related usability and performance for [null safety][].

### Dart 2.7
_Released 11 December 2019_
| [Dart 2.7 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/dart-2-7-a3710ec54e97)

Dart 2.7 added support for **[extension methods][]**,
enabling you to add functionality to any type
—-even types you don’t control—-
with the brevity and auto-complete experience of regular method calls.

The following example extends the `String` class from
`dart:core` with a new `parseInt()` method:

```dart
extension ParseNumbers on String {
  int parseInt() {
    return int.parse(this);
  }
}

void main() {
  int i = '42'.parseInt();
  print(i);
}
```

### Dart 2.6
_Released 5 November 2019_
| [Dart 2.6 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/dart2native-a76c815e6baf)

Dart 2.6 introduced a
[breaking change (dart-lang/sdk#37985)](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues/37985).

> Constraints of the forms similar to `Null` serves as a subtype of `FutureOr`
> now yield `Null` as the solution for `T`.

Reviewer: I think the "Constraints of the forms similar to" portion is pretty confusing, can we simplify it? I also didn't notice the missing generic on `FutureOr<T>`. That's important for knowing what the following `T` is referring to.

```suggestion
Constraints where `Null` serves as a subtype of `FutureOr<T>`
now yield `Null` as the solution for `T`.
```

In Dart 2.12, **[Dart FFI][]** graduated from beta to the stable channel.

### Dart 2.10
_Released 1 October 2020_
| [Dart 2.10 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-10-350823952bd5)

Dart 2.10 added no new features to the Dart language.
It did add an expanded [`dart` tool][dart-tool] similar to the
Flutter SDK's [`flutter` tool][].

> ### Dart 2.9

Reviewer: Since you added release dates for all the other entries, consider adding one here.

The [archive](https://dart.dev/get-dart/archive) specifies the binaries were released on Aug 5, 2020.

```suggestion
### Dart 2.9
_Released 5 Aug 2020_
```

Dart 2.9 added no new features to the Dart language.

### Dart 2.8
_Released 6 May 2020_
| [Dart 2.8 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-8-7750918db0a)

Dart 2.8 didn't add any features to the Dart language. It did
contain a number of preparatory [breaking changes][2.8 breaking changes]
to improve nullability-related usability and performance for [null safety][].

> It improved the performance of the `pub` tool and
> added the [`pub outdated`][] command.
> 

Reviewer: Remove this tool mention as well to be consistent with the focused direction I mentioned before.

We don't mention tool changes for the other releases.

```suggestion
```

### Dart 2.7
_Released 11 December 2019_
| [Dart 2.7 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/dart-2-7-a3710ec54e97)

Dart 2.7 added support for **[extension methods][]**,
enabling you to add functionality to any type
—-even types you don’t control—-
with the brevity and auto-complete experience of regular method calls.

The following example extends the `String` class from
`dart:core` with a new `parseInt()` method:

```dart
extension ParseNumbers on String {
  int parseInt() {
    return int.parse(this);
  }
}

void main() {
  int i = '42'.parseInt();
  print(i);
}
```

### Dart 2.6
_Released 5 November 2019_
| [Dart 2.6 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/dart2native-a76c815e6baf)

Dart 2.6 introduced a
[breaking change (dart-lang/sdk#37985)](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues/37985).

> Inference changes when using Null values in a `FutureOr` context.

Reviewer: I believe it's not that inferences changes when using `Null` now, it's that inference overall changed in this release.

```suggestion
Inference changed when using `Null` values in a `FutureOr` context.
```

> Constraints of the forms similar to `Null <:FutureOr` now yield `Null`

Reviewer: The `<:` should be outside of the code.

```suggestion
Constraints of forms similar to `Null` <: `FutureOr` now yield `Null`
```

Also we might want to avoid the symbol completely. It's something readers may not be familiar with. Perhaps something like?

```suggestion
Constraints of the form where `Null` is a subtype of `FutureOr` now yield `Null`
```

as the solution for `T`.

For example: The following code now prints `Null`.
Before Dart 2.6, it printed `dynamic`.
The anonymous closure `() {}` returns the `Null` type.

```dart
import 'dart:async';

void foo<T>(FutureOr<T> Function() f) { print(T); }

main() { foo(() {}); }
```

### Dart 2.5
_Released 10 September 2019_
| [Dart 2.5 announcement](https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-2-5-super-charged-development-328822024970)

Dart 2.5 didn't add any features to the Dart language, but it did add
support for [calling native C code][] from Dart code
using a new **core library, `dart:ffi`.**

### Dart 2.4
_Released 27 June 2019_

Dart 2.4 introduces a breaking change
[dart-lang/sdk#35097](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues/35097).

Dart now enforces covariance of type variables used in super-interfaces.
For example: Prior to this release Dart accepted, but now rejects,
the following code:

```dart
class A<X> {};
class B<X> extends A<void Function(X)> {};
```

> You can now use the identifier async in asynchronous and generator functions.

Reviewer: Something doesn't exist as an identifier until you use it as such, so the following may read better:

```suggestion
You can now use `async` as an identifier in asynchronous and generator functions.
```

The compiler determines what version the code is targeting,
and it interprets the code according to that version.

Language versioning becomes important on the rare occasions when Dart
introduces an incompatible feature like [null safety][].
When Dart introduces a breaking change, code that did compile
might no longer compile. Using language versions allows you to indicate
the compatibility of the code using the `pubspec.yaml` file.

> In the case of null safety, Dart versions 2.12 through 2.19 allowed you

Reviewer: Let's be specific about what kind of version we're talking about. Language versions (which this article is focused on) don't allow you to choose. It's the SDKs themselves (and their included tooling) that do.

```suggestion
In the case of null safety, Dart SDKs 2.12 through 2.19 allowed you
```

to _choose_ to update your code to use null safety.
Dart uses language versioning to permit non-null-safe code to run
alongside null-safe code.
This decision enabled migration from non-null-safe to null-safe code.
To check out an example of how an app or package can migrate to a new

> language version with an incompatible feature, check out

Reviewer: question: Is it fine to say "check out" twice like this. Would it be better to change the second version to "visit"?

[Migrating to null safety](/null-safety/migration-guide).

Each package has a default language version, equal to the

> `<major>.<minor>` part of the **lower SDK constraint** in the pubspec.

Reviewer: Especially as we transition to using caret syntax in pubspec files in the feature, it might make more sense to say something like "the lower bound of the SDK constraint" since the upper and lower bounds won't be specified separately.

**For example:** the following entry in a `pubspec.yaml` file
indicates that this package uses the Dart 2.18 language version.

```yaml
environment:
  sdk: ^2.18.0
```

### Language version numbers

Dart language versions follow semantic versioning with
a major version number and a minor version number.
Dart language versions can include a patch number.
Patches should not change the language except for bug fixes.
To illustrate: Dart 2.18.3 serves as the latest release of the
Dart 2.18 SDK.
Each Dart SDK supports all of the language versions within its major
version number.
That means that Dart SDK 2.18.3 supports language versions
2.0 through 2.18 inclusive, but not Dart 1.x.

Deriving the language version from the SDK version
implies the following:

* Whenever a minor version of the SDK ships, a new language version appears.
  In practice, many of these language versions function in a very

>   similar manner to previous versions with full compatibility.

Reviewer: It seems the changes lost the connection to [my comment](https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www/pull/4684#discussion_r1142087005) about this section, but my thoughts still stand:

> I think in general, I prefer the old text here. I think this change makes it say that the "language versions function in a similar manner when they have full compatibility", but the old text is saying that "many language versions are entirely compatible with each other".

  For example, the Dart 2.9 language works much like the Dart 2.8

>   language.

Reviewer: It seems the changes lost the connection to [my comment](https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www/pull/4684#discussion_r1142087005) about this section, but my thoughts still stand:

> I think in general, I prefer the old text here. I think this change makes it say that the "language versions function in a similar manner when they have full compatibility", but the old text is saying that "many language versions are entirely compatible with each other".

The compiler determines what version the code is targeting,
and it interprets the code according to that version.

Language versioning becomes important on the rare occasions when Dart
introduces an incompatible feature like [null safety][].
Before null safety, code could compile but might crash at runtime.

> With null safety, the code might no longer compile.

Author: **comment:** I think I have a good update. Have a look.

  sdk: ">=2.7.0 <3.0.0"
```

### Language version numbers

Dart language versions follow semantic versioning with
a major version number and a minor version number.
Dart language versions can include a patch number.
Patches should not change the language except for bug fixes.
To illustrate: Dart 2.18.3 serves as the latest release of the
Dart 2.18 SDK.
Each Dart SDK supports all of the language versions within its major
version number.
That means that Dart SDK 2.18.3 supports language versions
2.0 through 2.18 inclusive, but not Dart 1.x.

Deriving the language version from the SDK version
implies the following:

* Whenever a minor version of the SDK ships, a new language version appears.
  In practice, many of these language versions function in very
  similar manner to previous versions with full compatibility.
  For example, the Dart 2.9 language works much like the Dart 2.8
  language.

* When a patch version of the SDK ships,
  it cannot introduce any language features.

>   For example, because 2.18.3 belongs to language version 2.18,

Reviewer: Reading the previous text, it seems the point of the previous text was that 2.18.3 it doesn't patch the 2.18 language version, it just still is 2.18 in terms of language version. So I'm not sure "patches" is the best choice either.

The feature specification also mentions "A language version is a major/minor version number pair" so it seems there is no patch language versions.

The compiler determines what version the code is targeting,
and it interprets the code according to that version.

Language versioning becomes important on the rare occasions when Dart
introduces an incompatible feature like [null safety][].
When Dart introduces a breaking change, code that
did compile might no longer compile.
Language versioning allows you to set each library's language version
to maintain compatibility.

In the case of null safety, Dart SDKs 2.12 through 2.19 allowed you
to _choose_ to update your code to use null safety.
Dart uses language versioning to permit non-null-safe code to run
alongside null-safe code.
This decision enabled migration from non-null-safe to null-safe code.
To review an example of how an app or package can migrate to a new
language version with an incompatible feature, check out
[Migrating to null safety](/null-safety/migration-guide).

Each package has a default language version equal to the **lower bound**
of the SDK constraint in the `pubspec.yaml` file.

**For example:** The following entry in a `pubspec.yaml` file

> indicates that this package uses the Dart 2.18 language version or later.

Reviewer: This indicates it uses the 2.18 language version by default, not later. It can't use later language versions or else that would break the constraint.

```suggestion
indicates that this package uses the Dart 2.18 language version by default.
```

The compiler determines what version the code is targeting,
and it interprets the code according to that version.

Language versioning becomes important on the rare occasions when Dart
introduces an incompatible feature like [null safety][].
When Dart introduces a breaking change, code that
did compile might no longer compile.
Language versioning allows you to set each library's language version
to maintain compatibility.

> In the case of null safety, Dart SDKs 2.12 through 2.19 allowed you

Reviewer: This general area of text has got to a great point. Thanks for all of the back and forth with me here!

to _choose_ to update your code to use null safety.
Dart uses language versioning to permit non-null-safe code to run
alongside null-safe code.
This decision enabled migration from non-null-safe to null-safe code.
To review an example of how an app or package can migrate to a new
language version with an incompatible feature, check out
[Migrating to null safety](/null-safety/migration-guide).

Each package has a default language version

> equal to the **lower bound of the SDK constraint** in the `pubspec.yaml` file.

Reviewer: Consider moving the emphasis to "lower bound".

```suggestion
equal to the **lower bound** of the SDK constraint in the `pubspec.yaml` file.
```

**For example:** The following entry in a `pubspec.yaml` file
indicates that this package uses the Dart 2.18 language version or later.

```yaml
environment:
  sdk: '>=2.18.0 <3.0.0'
```

### Language version numbers

Dart formats its language versions as two numbers separated with a period.
It reads as a major version number and a minor version number.

> Though this appears to follow semantic versioning, it does not.

Reviewer: Consider dropping this sentence, it doesn't add anything to the meaning and it just seems a bit scary.

```suggestion
```

Author: **comment:** I'll drop it, but I do think it makes any confusion unambiguous.

```dart
// Description of what's in this file.
// @dart = 2.17
import 'dart:math';
...
```

The `@dart` string must be in a `//` comment (not `///` or `/*`),
and it must appear before any Dart code in the file.
Whitespace (tabs and spaces) doesn't matter,
except within the `@dart` and version strings.
As the previous example shows,
other comments can appear before the `@dart` comment.

> To learn how language versioning works, check out the

Reviewer: Isn't this whole section about how language versioning works?

We could either drop this or be more specific about why they would want to visit the specification.

Author: **comment:** Updated.
